I hope that everyone is well. It's been a difficult few months since
March when all in-person activities organized by the club were
"cancelled for the foreseeable future". I think we've been relatively
lucky to be engaged in a hobby that has remained accessible even
during the most restrictive days of lockdown. Now that things are
starting to get moving again, I wanted to take the opportunity to
thank members for their patience since March, share news about some of
the club activities that *have* been able to continue through the
lockdown and finally let you know about the plan to get group riding
back.

## Charitable Donations

First up, donations. Many of you will be aware of our regular support
for the Strathcarron Hospice. The support is usually funded by money
raised by the Reliability Ride, and the Lew Weaver and Dave Jorgenson
memorial rides. Even though those events were unfortunately cancelled
this year, we're pleased that the club was still able to make a
donation of £500.

In addition, the club was able to join together with other clubs
around the central belt to support the construction of the [West
Lothian Cycle Circuit](https://westlothiancyclecircuit.org/). This
will be a 1km traffic-free circuit in Linlithgow. It will be flood-lit
for use all year round and will be available for use by individuals on
a drop-in basis and by clubs like ours for organized
activities. Stirling Bike Club was pleased to donate £1000 to the
fund.

## Training/Coaching

For those with indoor cycling facilities at home, for a while there
was an opportunity to get together remotely with members of the club
for training sessions during the week. You might have seen these being
discussed on Facebook or the website forum. There was Fraser Stewart’s
Zwift team on Monday nights and Steve Moore’s Zoomers on Thursday
nights. The Zwift sessions might come back in the winter as the
weather deteriorates and interest in indoor cycling picks up.

With the resumption of schools, and after a lot of work by the
Warriors committee to figure out the logistics, the Warriors are now
meeting in-person at the regular coaching sessions at the Castleview
Park and Ride. In order to comply with COVID test and protect
regulations, there is a brand new booking system in place which has
been a hit with both parents and coaches. To make sure you’re
up-to-date with the latest news on this, make sure you’re in the
Warriors Facebook group.

## Resumption of Group Rides

Finally, if you're anything like me, you'll be desperately keen to see
your old pals back on the regular weekend road rides. With input from
the [new
guidelines](https://www.britishcycling.org.uk/zuvvi/media/SCCAAug.pdf)
published by Scottish Cycling and conversations with the other ride
leaders, Jim Prentice has prepared a new protocol for group rides that
aims to minimize the risk of transmitting the virus. However, before
rides can begin again, we do need to fill the role of COVID
Administrator and allow some time for that person to get up to speed.

To the best of our knowledge, it seems that since these activities are
outdoors the risk of transmission is low provided we all strictly
follow the general guidelines set by the government but especially
given the recent spike in Glasgow, the committee think it prudent to
wait a few weeks before resuming official club rides so that everyone
is aware of their new responsibilities, the club as a whole is capable
of playing it’s part in the test and protect system, and we have a bit
of time to learn from other activities like schools, gyms, and
workplaces that are resuming in the meantime.

That's all for now. Looking forward to seeing you out and about soon.
